[16.0][ADD] stock_picking_batch_print_invoices (#1485)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_batch_print_invoices/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module extends the functionality of stock picking batch and to allow you to print multiple invoices from batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of stock batch pickings and to allows you to print multiple invoices from batches.
```

> This module extends the functionality of stock batch pickings and to allows you to print multiple invoices from batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of stock batch pickings to let you print multiple invoices from batches.
```
